When Sandy slammed into New York and New Jersey on October 29, 2012, low-lying areas like Oakwood Beach, on the eastern shore of Staten Island, were inundated with a 20-foot storm surge that spilled into homes and battered the landscape. But instead of fixing their homes and risking further damage, 303 owners from Oakwood Beach sold their land to the government, so it can’t be developed and destroyed again. Over the past five years, the New York State Office of Storm Recovery has worked with residents in Oakwood Beach and two other small sections on Staten Island to appraise and buy their houses at pre-storm values, then began clearing away the buildings and debris. By 2022, when the mandate for the program expires, the purchased land will be open space. “Leaving people in an area that will always flood is just not appropriate anymore, especially as extreme weather becomes more and more prevalent,” explains Lisa Bova-Hiatt, Executive Director for the Office of Storm Recovery. “At some point you have to say, ‘We’re not going to leave people living in a wetland.’ We can build back thoughtfully and make sure there’s a green buffer to protect those who still live in the area.” This idea of collectively moving homes away from the water’s edge is called managed retreat, and typically involves a government agency buying up private land from homeowners who might otherwise find it difficult to resell homes situated in flood zones near rivers, far from the desirable coastal regions. As a condition of getting federal money, the local or state governments are prohibited from building or developing those lands in the future.
Instead, they will go wild, or transform into parks, playgrounds, or gardens, which will in turn help absorb the surges from any future storms, sponging up nature’s fury before it can whack its way inland. Our assistant editor @marybethgriggs and photo director @thompaynenyc went out to Staten Island to report on this community going back to nature—click our #linkinbio to read more.