#earthquake #DisasterPreparedness: We need to prepare our children for what is about to happen. We need to prepare them "Physically" as well as "Mentally" and "Spiritually." Get helmets for our little ones.  Bicycle helmets, football helmets, any kind of helmet you can get.  Keep it right by their beds as they sleep.  They NEED to know what is about to happen.  They need to know WHY this is happening, and they need to know How this is happening.  Before it happens.  Plan with them.  Have drills, have them put on their helmets, shoes, grab their flashlights and get out of the house, Fast.

Our Children MUST BE PREPARED.  What if you are not with your children when Disaster Strikes? What if there is so much destruction it takes you days, even weeks to get to them?  If we teach our children what we are learning of Disaster Preparedness, when that time comes, you will not have to worry about them.  They will know how to cook without power.  They will know how to purify water if it needs to be done.  They will know how to stay alive if we show them now.  Our Children are Gods, we are not doing them justice by learning how to prepare and not teaching them what we know.  Teach them everything you can about being prepared from first aid to cooking.  And on that day, maybe it may be you who needs first aid, they will know what to do.  Include the children in all of our planning.  Every one in our home will play a part in the "Survival" of our families.  Even if you have children away from home, send them information on preparing for and how to survive disaster.  We Must Prepare our Children.  We Must Prepare our Family. Whether they believe you or not. 
All of us, especially our children, need to understand that this earthquake is not the end.  It is only the beginning of sorrows.  There will be aftershocks and aftershocks, and more aftershocks.  There will be thousands of aftershocks After the original earthquake.  Some of which being as large as the original "Major Earthquake." The ground will shake for a long time and if we prepare our minds, prepare our children's minds for this now, we will not lose our minds as is going on in Japan.

Yes, many of the men, wome