RepostBy @ummahyahseark: "Greetings family,
as many people in the United States prepare this week to give thanks for everything that they've been blessed with, there are human beings in the Caribbean islands that are still devastated from hurricanes Irma and Maria. These people are our mothers, fathers, grandparents, sisters, brothers, children.. They have had no electricity, no cell phone service, no food to eat nor any clean water to drink, some for months now. They are in need of support and resources and are lacking both from the U.S., so the people are coming together to rebuild, renew and restore their homeland. If you are a part of the Rastafari community, or if you love reggae music, you may know that many wholesome artists (Midnite, Akae Beka, Dezarie, Zion I Kings) come from the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico, and are actively trying to rebuild their communities, while helping to sustain the life of the people every day by ways of basic needs (food, clean water, shelter).
My brother is traveling to Puerto Rico this week to help rebuild the community, and is bringing a suitcase of supplies to those in need. I am asking for donations to buy supplies such as LifeStraws (portable water filters), Flashlights, and any other necessities. 
I will pick someone from the list of contributers to recieve a gift for their help.. your choice of bracelets (men, women, and children styles and sizes) wire wrapped necklaces, and other customizable gifts. 
Thank you in advanced to anyone that is willing and able to donate to help out. Every 'whole' is made up of individual parts.. there are at least 7 billion human beings inhabiting the Earth right now, I am one of them and you are too. If one part of the world suffers then the whole world will suffer. We must do our part to help each other out in whatever way we are able to, for even the smallest of good deeds make a difference. 
Please contact me of you have any questions..
give thanks !

https://m.gofund.me/restoring-life-in-the-caribbean" 
#caribbean #givethanks #unity #community #unitedstates #onelove #sendinghealing #donation #hurricaneirma #hurricanemaria #blessedlove #repair #renewal #jahguide